{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b1\i0 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Prologue}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 To whomsoever it might concern,}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qj\ltrch\loch {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 I take great pride and joy in writing this e-mail, with the sole intention of pissing you off. No offense, but my family members can be kinda persuasive, so I need to go to certain extremes to drive certain points home. You must\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92ve received an application under my name, fully aware of the fact that I didn\u8217\'92t send it. I\u8217\'92ll say this once, I\u8217\'92ve got no intentions of attending your college, whatsoever. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Here is the thing, alright. This is a family squabble, and your tiny little college just happened to get caught in the crossfire because it\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s in the same city where I live. My family wants me to play it safe, you guys want a trophy student. I fly by neither of those purposes. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Also, with protests against Arculists going on all over the city, how exactly are guys still functioning?}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Whatever shady contract you drafted up with Uncle Cassidy, rescind it and refund his money. (Actually, don\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t bother, at least that\u8217\'92d teach him a lesson.) And if it was my Dad who contacted you, which I highly doubt, do ask him to give me a call. }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 I say this in everyone\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s best interests, you don\u8217\'92t want me there. Trust me. I tend to raise hell, just because.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Otherwise, feel free to get in touch if you need my services. Can\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t find a better Mentalist-Drafter even if you scourge the whole city with a Rank 1 Perceptor. I can even give guest lectures if the price is right. You know where to find me.}
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Yours Unequivocally,}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Allorex Redallion }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab \tab }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }
\par\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}