{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green128\blue128;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\f0\fs24\cf0
\pard\plain \tx0\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\qj\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 1}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Being a wingman is a part of being a good friend, my cousin Sydney used to say. What she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know was that it also gets a ghost shoved into your body.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was your regular Friday evening at District East, as calm as they come. The West was filled with travel and tourism, the North with its universities and research centers, and the South was, well, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve never been there. Although there has been an increase in those Phantom Attacks rumors there}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 If only I could go back to the time when I still thought of them as rumors.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Even still, I knew that the East was the most mundane. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s why when Robbie asked me to be there on his first date with this new girl he just met, I didn\u8217\'92t refuse, even though she had called him to one of those back-alley cafes, which makes me sound like an imbecile in retrospect.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Robbie had the looks, I couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even compare. But on the inside, this man was like a flower petal submerged in dry ice. He\u8217\'92d crumble at the first sign of conversation. That\u8217\'92s why I found it hard to believe that he just happened to \u8216\'91find\u8217\'92 someone. I asked him for a picture but the ones he had were all messy miss-clicks and shaky, out-of-focus ones. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robbie never showed me a picture of her, apparently she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a huge fan of photos. He was planning to sketch her, thats what they were about to do in this cafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get me wrong, he\u8217\'92s such a fun guy to hang and geek out with once you get to know him. And a top-tier sketch artist to boot. But first meetings were not his strongest suit. He thought I was a professor when we first met at college.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robbie listened to all the advice I gave him throughout the car drive. Just typical stuff that normal people use to carry on conversations. I was no romance coach, but Robbie had to cross level 0 before getting to level 1. Most of the time, you just mix and match different principles of eloquence by reading the room. I prepped him as much as I could, fully expecting things to go down south.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Things didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t go south, they went underground.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Of course, he asked me to \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8216\'91be there\u8217\'92, but I wasn\u8217\'92t even going to be inside the cafe. I would just be waiting outside, in the eerie, ghastly looking back-alley where who knows how many muggings have happened. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Now this place wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just any other back-alley. This girl had summoned us to a small place tucked away in the deepest pockets of the East\u8217\'92s darkest crevices. We might\u8217\'92ve been at least a kilometer away from normal civilization. The road to the cafe was wide enough to fit exactly one car. Further down the street, a junction opened into a clearing. I decided to do a bit of exploring while Robbie had his date.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I walked past the cafe and turned left at the junction. It was a park\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 of sorts. I decided to take a seat in one of the normal-looking benches.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was fidgeting with my phone when it happened, exactly ten minutes after I left Robbie. The roar of a huge explosion alongside the sound of glass shattering from the direction of the cafe. I jumped out of the seat and bolted to the junction.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Various shades of red and orange dominated the lighting. Smoke and soot filled the narrow street. I could hear the familiar crackle of flames that I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d heard many times in several video games. Except this was a real explosion, and my friend was inside this building, presumably among others.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My steps slowed down as I got closer to the cafe. I tried to look through the tiny gaps found in the wall of flame. Nothing. No screams, no chaos. It was pure, unadulterated silence, save for the crackling flame.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 My mind was frantically shuffling a hundred thoughts. What had happened to Robbie? Is he\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 No, It can\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t be, right? It can\u8217\'92t be\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I was too preoccupied to notice the little burning gear-like thing rolling towards me. I kicked it off with a swift jerk as soon as it hit my feet. That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s when I first looked at the ground.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Blood.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t too much, not enough to be called a puddle but rather a splatter, just at the base of the fire. I couldn\u8217\'92t take a closer look without burning myself.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A lonely droplet of sweat trickled down my nose. The heat was getting to me. It might\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been due to the shock, but I hadn\u8217\'92t felt it till now. I slowly backed away from the flame.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Oh, boy.}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0   }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I turned right at the junction and rested my back against the first solid wall I could find, facing away from the flame. I drew heavier breaths, and my sweating intensified. No more trickles, my face was drenched. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Then there was a pop, the kind of sound that happens when you light a gas burner.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I slowly leaned over the edge of the building, peering into the flame once again. This time, it was a silhouette, growing taller with every second.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Someone\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s walking? Through the flame? What the fuc\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another boom deafened me. A flash of blue light blitzed past my peripheral, bringing more soot and smoke from the direction of the flame. I turned to face the light.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was a woman\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  or so I think? At least part of it was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the build of a woman, save for those glowing parts. Long, blonde hair, alongside a T-shirt and jeans. Everything except those was not of this world.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The first thing I saw was the crown. It fit her head perfectly but yet wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a physical construct. It glowed a deep purple and was translucent. So were the rest. Those scaly segmented armor pieces on one arm and one leg, the half-broken armor-looking construct on her chest. They all looked like they were made of purple translucent glass. I would\u8217\'92ve made more observations, hadn\u8217\'92t she shifted her gaze towards me.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I slowly backed away from the wall. I don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what she was\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0  or it was, but I definitely didn\u8217\'92t enjoy the idea of being up against a wall, literally.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And for some stupid reason, I moved towards her.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, You did that?\u8221\'94 I pointed to the cafe.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned around, facing the other turn at the junction which I hadn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t explored yet. It led directly to a single left turn, and light seemed to be seeping out of it. Probably and exit out of this alley.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 Hello?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No response. She moved both her arms slightly away from her body. Now I could see the armor much more clearly. Her jean and T-shirt were riddled with holes and scorch marks in the unarmored areas. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her entire body glowed purple and her hands went ablaze with blue flames, accompanied by that gas-burner pop I had heard earlier. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Pyrokinesis? What\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s going on here? }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t say a word as she quietly brought her hand down, pointing at the floor. The flames in her hand grew bigger before getting expelled to the ground as a stream of fire. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blaze was a perfect azure and swiftly grew into a wall similar to the one that blocked the cafe, but this one was entirely blue.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1}